DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/response-time-chart-types-apm-browser.mdx

  - APM
  - APM UI pages
  - Monitoring

> metaDescription: 'Explanation of some types of APM and browser monitoring charts: duration time-based, histogram, and percentile.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: Explanation of some types of APM and browser monitoring charts: duration time-based, histogram, and percentile.
```
